I said before that I would emphasize the voice, but emphasizing the voice means that it goes over the whole song.
In addition, let's say it's the accent of the word.
As we normally say, it should be possible to make the words a little stronger.
For example, if you say, it will be shiny, sparkly, round, and strong, which is naturally one-sided.
I think it's important to use the accent of the word in the way it's sung.
Therefore, it is natural to use the accent of the word in the song of the young.
Another thing is to extend one word to two notes.
For example, in the case of the fire of fire, there are two things called Ka-a and Ka-ha.
In Japan, it is called Ka-a, but in foreign countries it is called Ka-ha.
Now, let's sing the song of the spring side with the accent of the word.
The spring side flows smoothly
In the corner of the stone, the lotus of lotus
The beautiful color blooms in the scent
The sound of the flute is like whispering
Next, let's use the accent of the word with the accent of the word.
The spring side flows smoothly
In the corner of the stone, the lotus of lotus
The beautiful color blooms in the scent
The sound of the flute is like whispering